Docs: add warning about retention storage for autopartitioned topics (#40143)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/yql/reference/syntax/alter-topic.md

* `min_active_partitions`: Minimum number of topic partitions. During automatic load balancing, the number of active partitions will not decrease below this value. Value type: `integer`, default value: `1`.
* `partition_count_limit`: Maximum number of active partitions in the topic. `0` is interpreted as unlimited. Value type: `integer`, default value: `0`.
* `retention_period`: Data retention period in the topic. Value type: `Interval`, default value: `18h`.

> * `retention_storage_mb`: Limit on the maximum disk space occupied by the topic data. When this value is exceeded, the older data is cleared, like under a retention policy. `0` is interpreted as unlimited. Not supported in topics with autopartitioning enabled. Value type: `integer`, default value: `0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `retention_storage_mb`: Limit on the maximum disk space occupied by the topic data. When this value is exceeded, the older data is cleared, like under a retention policy. `0` is interpreted as unlimited. Currently, this functionality does not work correctly when autopartitioning is enabled. The reason is that the amount of consumed space is controlled separately for each topic partition rather than for the topic as a whole. In other words, the size specified in the option is divided by the number of partitions and then enforced per partition. If the number of partitions changes automatically, the per-partition limits remain unchanged. This behavior will be fixed in future versions. Value type: `integer`, default value: `0`
```
